update to v7-beta (#1942)
mandiant/capa: CHANGELOG.md

## master (unreleased)

### New Features

### Breaking Changes

### New Rules (0)

-

### Bug Fixes

### capa explorer IDA Pro plugin

### Development

### Raw diffs
- [capa v7.0.0-beta...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa/compare/v7.0.0-beta...master)
- [capa-rules v7.0.0-beta...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa-rules/compare/v7.0.0-beta...master)

## v7.0.0-beta

> This is the beta release of capa v7.0 which was mainly worked on during the Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2023. A huge
> shoutout to @colton-gabertan and @yelhamer for their amazing contributions.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
This is the beta release of capa v7.0 which was mainly worked on during the Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2023. A huge
shoutout to @colton-gabertan and @yelhamer for their amazing work.

Also a big thanks to the other contributors: @aaronatp, @Aayush-Goel-04, @bkojusner, @doomedraven, @ruppde, and @xusheng6.
```
